README.md, before:

# RemoteHttpKernel
The RemoteHttpKernel is provided as an alternative to the standard HttpKernel in Symfony.  Rather than using the
local application, it processes the Request object via cURL, parsing the results into a proper Response object.

# Symfony Installation
First, checkout a copy of the code. Just add the following to the ``deps`` 
file of your Symfony Standard Distribution:

    [ZeroemCurlBundle]
        git=git://github.com/zeroem/ZeroemCurlBundle.git
        target=/bundles/Zeroem/CurlBundle/

Then add the bundle to your AppKernel and register the namespace with the autoloader:

```php
    // app/AppKernel.php
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Zeroem\CurlBundle\ZeroemCurlBundle(),        
        // ...
    );
```

```php
    // app/autoload.php
    $loader->registerNamespaces(array(
        // ...
        'Zeroem'              => __DIR__.'/../vendor/bundles'
        // ...
    ));
```

Now use the ``vendors`` script to clone the newly added repository into your project:

```shell
    php bin/vendors install
```

# Composer Installation
Add `zeroem/curl-bundle` to your composer.json file:

```json
{
// ...
   require: {
   // ...
       "zeroem/curl-bundle": ""
   // ...
   }
// ...
}
```

And include the composer autoloader:

```php
require("./vendor/.composer/autoload.php");
```

# Features

## RemoteHttpKernel
The `RemoteHttpKernel` provides the bridge between the the standard Request/Response architecture
used by Symfony and the cURL library.

```php
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
use Zeroem\CurlBundle\HttpKernel\RemoteHttpKernel;

$request = Request::create("http://www.symfony.com");
$remoteKernel = new RemoteHttpKernel();
$response = $remoteKernel->handle($request);
```

## RequestGenerator
The `RequestGenerator` simplifies building multiple, similar cURL Request Objects.

```php
use Zeroem\CurlBundle\Curl\RequestGenerator;

$generator = new RequestGenerator(array(CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER=>true));

// Automatically has CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER set to true
$request = $generator->getRequest();
```

# Goals
Provide a clean, Object Oriented solution for interacting with remote HTTP services that doesn't require
knowing the ins and outs of all the various cURL api options nor invents it's own HTTP Request/Response
architecture.

# Motivation
I was originally looking for a Symfony Bundle that provided an OO interface to the curl_* functions.  Along the 
way, I realized that I didn't actually want a cURL wrapper, I wanted something that could execute HTTP requests 
and return the result in a meaningful way.  So I decided to use the existing Symfony components and build a 
custom HttpKernelInterprovided, relegating cURL to an implementation detail rather than the purpose of the 
project.

Commit message:

added caveat related to how the HttpFoundation\Request object generats the request uri

README.md, after:

# RemoteHttpKernel
The RemoteHttpKernel is provided as an alternative to the standard HttpKernel in Symfony.  Rather than using the
local application, it processes the Request object via cURL, parsing the results into a proper Response object.

# Symfony Installation
First, checkout a copy of the code. Just add the following to the ``deps`` 
file of your Symfony Standard Distribution:

    [ZeroemCurlBundle]
        git=git://github.com/zeroem/ZeroemCurlBundle.git
        target=/bundles/Zeroem/CurlBundle/

Then add the bundle to your AppKernel and register the namespace with the autoloader:

```php
    // app/AppKernel.php
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Zeroem\CurlBundle\ZeroemCurlBundle(),        
        // ...
    );
```

```php
    // app/autoload.php
    $loader->registerNamespaces(array(
        // ...
        'Zeroem'              => __DIR__.'/../vendor/bundles'
        // ...
    ));
```

Now use the ``vendors`` script to clone the newly added repository into your project:

```shell
    php bin/vendors install
```

# Composer Installation
Add `zeroem/curl-bundle` to your composer.json file:

```json
{
// ...
   require: {
   // ...
       "zeroem/curl-bundle": ""
   // ...
   }
// ...
}
```

And include the composer autoloader:

```php
require("./vendor/.composer/autoload.php");
```

# Features

## RemoteHttpKernel
The `RemoteHttpKernel` provides the bridge between the the standard Request/Response architecture
used by Symfony and the cURL library.

```php
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
use Zeroem\CurlBundle\HttpKernel\RemoteHttpKernel;

$request = Request::create("http://www.symfony.com");
$remoteKernel = new RemoteHttpKernel();
$response = $remoteKernel->handle($request);
```
### Caveats
Due to the way the HttpFoundation\Request object generates the Request Uri, any changes made
to Request::$query will not be reflected when the cURL request is made.  I'm currently looking for
a proper solution to this issue.

## RequestGenerator
The `RequestGenerator` simplifies building multiple, similar cURL Request Objects.

```php
use Zeroem\CurlBundle\Curl\RequestGenerator;

$generator = new RequestGenerator(array(CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER=>true));

// Automatically has CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER set to true
$request = $generator->getRequest();
```

# Goals
Provide a clean, Object Oriented solution for interacting with remote HTTP services that doesn't require
knowing the ins and outs of all the various cURL api options nor invents it's own HTTP Request/Response
architecture.

# Motivation
I was originally looking for a Symfony Bundle that provided an OO interface to the curl_* functions.  Along the 
way, I realized that I didn't actually want a cURL wrapper, I wanted something that could execute HTTP requests 
and return the result in a meaningful way.  So I decided to use the existing Symfony components and build a 
custom HttpKernelInterprovided, relegating cURL to an implementation detail rather than the purpose of the 
project.
